feat: allow parts to organize to overlay (#1254)
canonical/craft-parts: docs/reference/changelog.rst

  For a complete list of commits, check out the `X.Y.Z`_ release on GitHub.

.. _release-2.22.0:

2.22.0 (2025-MM-DD)
-------------------

New features:

> - Allow parts to organize content to the overlay. This is done by specifying the
>   target as the (overlay) pseudo-partition. To be able to organize to overlay
>   both overlays and partition features must be enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Parts can now copy files to the project's overlay filesystem with the ``organize``
  key. This is done by prefixing the file's destination path with the ``(overlay)``
  pseudo-partition. To make use of this feature, the project must support both overlays
  and partitions.
```
